 I already put this right there. Okay. So the first question I want to ask, and here's Bonsram, is how would you describe chronic neck pain to me? And you can call it, you can speak in your own language, you can call it something different. We ask them to speak in English first. I know. But it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It's just just you. How would you describe your chronic neck pain to me? And you can use your own words, you can say in your own language if you want to. And do you speak? Sorry. Okay. That's the question. I would describe my chronic neck pain as ongoing and really persistent. It doesn't allow me to enjoy my life how it actually wants to. Henders me from doing the things that I want to do and that I need to do is having a huge impact on my life in a negative direction. And so it's just something that I'm trying to get help with in any given way that I can. Yeah. So for that. So yeah, it definitely sounds like it's had a very large impact on your life. And do you feel when you go to your general practitioner or you go to doctors? Do you feel like they really listen to that experience or what you've just told me or just told me or described? I feel like when I go to the general practitioner's a lot of times, they'll kind of put me in a box. They want me to describe it in like two or three words, like a sharp. It's painful here and that's it. And then a lot of the times if I'm trying to iterate or get to like a story that I'm trying to explain my pain they might cut me off multiple times so they're not getting the full view of what I actually want to say. Why it's truly happening in how it's impacting my life. Not just with the pain but all the relationships and family and everything that it's impacting as well. So I feel like my practitioner, all the developing and solution I'm trying to be there as much as they can. I get interrupted and not able to share the full scope of what's really going on. Sounds like a really frustrating experience. And hopefully today you'll be able to explore more into that without feeling like there's restrictions. So what are some things that you since you did mention, you feel like you guys get put in kind of a box. They let me into a couple words. What are some general topics where you can be specific? Things that you would say to them, you weren't on that box. I would tell them how it's impacting my work life. I'm continuing I'm not able to work as long and therefore my hours aren't as efficient as they need to be in my, you know. The goals I'm supposed to hit aren't being hit because I'm in this pain and trickling down to everything else. And so then that also goes into finances and then that trick goes into family life and dealing with that. And then just just day to day. So just all the trickle effects that are really going on is something that I'm not it would like really talk about within, you know, the 10, 15 minutes. I get with my practitioner when I do come in and then go from there since it's a quick system to get in and out the doctors office since she has to see a lot of patients per day. Yeah, absolutely. And. What do you say that because you mentioned life, you mentioned work and things outside of the clinical setting. Yeah. Could you talk to me more about the your your the life factors that go into your chronic pain, whether that be financial or family or work stress. You could give me like one example from one topic or like how it's impacting like my work stress or financial situation. So either how the how like work has affected your pain or the other way around the cow pain is affected your work. Yeah, how the pain is affected my work. I just can't do as much as I like to be able to do move around, you know. You know, have to take a little extra time to get to meeting sometimes because I know it'll be a little slower if I have to pack my bag, you know, a little more slower than the normal. And then the normal thing is that you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you might tell your boss that. Tell my boss like, oh, I'm in pain, but they're like, okay, but they don't really know how it's impacting on the day to day all the minutes adding up. And that's what's really impacting like my work performance is not a lack of, you know, wanted to do the work or any of my capabilities is just just the pains. Yeah, that's going to be my next question is, is your work accommodating at all? No, they're very much, I work for like a Fortune 500 company that very, you know, corporate they want the goals to be met. So they're not super accommodating, you know, just another number to them. So. Yeah, so. Would you, would you say you've had similar experiences, not only in the workplace, but also in your family life, or did generally is your family, except the end of the day. And you know, you know, you know, you're a family, except the end of your chronic pain and accommodating. Yeah, I think my family is very accepting it, and they know all that it really entails what this chronic pain may be not all the details, but they know, you know, my kid and as I can't think, you know, her up all the time or, you know, my husband will help out where he can even even more. I'm going to say that I'm going to be a good employee, adds more work load to my family, more so than it should. If I didn't have this, this pain and that could spend more time with my kids and more time outside, I just and Joan, because I love, you know, to be outside and stuff like that and help my husband out here there. So. I think they are definitely more accepting of it. Obviously more so than the workplace, but it does continue to impact it and make it meet. And it's a great idea that they are doing that. Yeah, definitely, definitely helps. And a little bit of a shift, but. Would you mind going a little bit deeper into the impact on your relationships if there's no impact than that's fine? I touched on with with the home life all that, but also with friends, like it's just harder to, you know, to go out and sit at a dinner or, you know, if I want to, you know, go support my friend like a art show, you know, for, for instance, I can't really stay there a long time and that might look like, you know, I don't really want to be there, but really I'm, I'm dealing with the pain. So it's definitely hinder some friendships because I'm not able to show up all the time or if I do then it's not like I can stay for a long time because the pain is is so overbearing. And so I definitely think it impacts it negatively, even though my friends do that, I deal with it. People hear like pain and like, okay, you know, and that chronic pain, it's like really bad, but, you know, they're not the ones looking within all they all they can do is, you know, accept it and try to understand. But, you know, being the person who lives with this is kind of tough. So definitely the friendships have been impacted negatively by the neck pain. Do you, do you know anyone else with like pain chronic neck pain, not kind of general? Not really, maybe if I go, you know, to the practitioner, you know, you sit in the doctor's office, like, what do you hear for you to, oh, neck pain, you know, but there's a real community or like meetings for people with, you know, chronic neck pain. Because it seems to be like, just a kind of thing. So there's, never really support for you getting together. Yeah, that's what I want to talk on was like, support, like, do you, so what strategies do you use to cope with that? Like, you might be the only person you know with kind of neck pain. Yeah, I try to, you know, are you talking about physical things or like, stretching exercise and or any kind of things. It could be, it could be anything more on a emotional level because that being the only person you know, chronic neck pain can have emotional pull on people. How's one or if there's any like emotional strategies you use or do you seek out help from good people? Not really. I feel like it's just something that, you know, that I live with and I don't see like any like a most seek any like emotional help about it or go to, you know, like, they're like, talking there, if you anything about that. So I haven't seen any emotional help, but it might be something that could look into that, you know, could potentially help or, you know, maybe I start my own group, or other patients with chronic neck pain. So you can talk about our experiences together. And Go, sir. I'm noticing a lot of overlap discussions, but I'm asking them. But, So if you don't search out emotional support, I guess we can go into the physical. Do you have any cultural practices or alternative therapies you use to cope with physical pain or alleviate physical pain? Just try to pray. Yeah, sometimes the guy is my prayers. Just hoping he brings me through it. But that's a great question that you ask because, you know, every culture is different. You might ask something. So yeah, just pray time to time. Try to meditate here and there. That's also. And when you do go to the practitioner, do you feel as, well, unrefaced it? Are there any experiences where you have become uncomfortable sharing your pain with your doctor practitioner? Or do you generally feel comfortable explaining that? I feel comfortable. I feel like when I go to my practitioner because I've been seeing her for a long time for this issue that we have developed some sort of camaraderie. Well, maybe not camaraderie. But we see each other pretty often. So it's easy to talk to her and for her to understand just the times where I have felt, you know, I'm comfortable with just times like where I get cut off like here and there, which does allow me to fully explain my whole experience with the chronic pain. Yeah. I'm going to shift a little bit to lifestyle. Do you change your plans based on your chronic pain? Yeah. Sometimes I have, you know, plans out of friends or, you know, family go to my kids game or every so often. And sometimes the pain is just so bad that, you know, I can't even really make it out or, you know, I can't drive because, you know, driving is all in a shoulder and neck. That'll be hard and sometimes hinders. The time that I'll show up, you know, you try to be on time. There's more just you can and an office. So definitely hinders and all traits of plans that I originally had when I know if I didn't have this pain that I could show up better than I am now. And what about long term plans? Has it, has your chronic pain stopped you from taking a job or has it stopped you or led you in a different direction that you normally would have in terms of bigger things? Yeah, I always saw myself, you know, especially when I was younger, like being outside all the time and stuff like that, you know, just maybe like a park ranger, I don't know, just being outside all just doing and continuing to stay active and hiking, you know, rock climb and all that. But with this with this pain, I've just taken, you know, a desk job somewhere, can sit down and kind of kind of be with it and still try to stay active in the gym here and there, but I know I'm not doing all that. I want it to be before, I mean, after this, after this happens. So it's definitely altered the long term, you know, goals that had set for myself. And so that probably also, players of the pain that stress and sadness as well. Sounds pretty disruptive to your life and if you could pick like one thing you could do without your chronic pain. I just play with my kids, you know, they're... We made it so far. There's so young, you know, just what I'm being. Okay, I'm gonna... Here's the thing is I'm gonna stop it.